# The-LLAMA-System
A website that can be customized with local parks, trails, and nature preserves in the Shenendehowa CSD, Clifton Park, NY.
Our the Shenendehowa Robotic Renovators, created this site while participating in a school sponsored program called FIRST Lego League (FLL), a Shenendehowa CSD middle school robotics club. In FLL, teams participate in a challenge every year that includes researching a topic. For the 2020-21 challenge, called Game Changers - RePLAY, we were charged with looking for ways to help people be more active. Becoming more active is really difficult to do during a pandemic. For more information on this challenge go to https://www.firstinspires.org/robotics/fll/challenge-and-season-info for more information.
We looked for a solution that is safe,inexpensive, and, most importantly, FUN. We decided to focus on helping to make parks, trails, and nature preserves more accessible to people within our community. We decided to build on a prior year solution we created call TEA which stands for Trail Efficiency Algorithm (we explain what that is below) We define our community as the towns within our school district which includes Ballston Lake, Clifton Park, Halfmoon, Jonesville, Malta, Mechanicville, Rexford, and Waterford (towns in upstate New York).
We call our website and solution the LLAMA System. LLAMA stands for Local Links that Augment and Motivate Activity.
Benefits of the LLAMA System include:
A one stop resource so that people can find all of the parks, trails, and nature preserves within our community, with helpful information about each location. One can search our website for a specific park, trail, or nature preserve.
Identify connections between the parks, trails, and nature preserves so that people can go from one to another if they want to explore or run/bike a greater distance that a particilar location/trail offers.
This website will help end-users plan outings. For example, a cross country team can plan a long training run through existing trails and preserves.
A link to a separate webpage called TEA LLAMA (TEA stands for Trail Efficiency Algorithm) identifies the shortest distance between connections. To do this a minimum spanning tree algorithm was used to calculate the shortest distance between existing points.
Students contributors:  Nitya B., Ryan G., Aryan M., Jonah M., Josiah N., Hana O., Pranamya P., Max S., Ethan W. , and Larry Y. 
